RESTAURANT WEBSITEPAULAbout:•	Young, single 20 something urban professional. He is career driven and dedicated to his job and climbing the career ladder.•	Works for a fortune 500 company as the assistant to the President. His boss enjoys the finer things in life, drives a luxury vehicle, travels constantly for work, works 24/7, values convenience and efficiency (time is money).•	Organizes and manages his boss' professional and personal schedule.•	Arranges “power” lunches and dinners for the President almost daily, especially when traveling on business. •	He is very tech savvy - has a company issued laptop, mobile phone, tablet.Goals:	•	Paul needs to arrange business "power" lunches and dinners for his boss almost daily – especially when his boss travels for business. •	The restaurant must be upscale, fine dining, quiet atmosphere, has valet parking and 5 star rated.•	The restaurant must also be informed of the importance of this dinner and their guests and be able to treat them accordingly. Speaking with management personally is extremely important for making these arrangements.How can the website help Paul + keep him interested:•	Menu listing - highlight the type of cuisine.•	Note valet parking.•	Highlight press and other accolades - Restaurant press, ratings, reviews, notoriety.•	Contact information for booking reservations and personal assistance.•	Address and directions.•	Branding must exude fine dining experience.•	Customer testimonials.HENRYAbout:•	50 something white collar professional.•	Married with two full-grown children.•	Works in the city, but lives just outside it.•	Enjoys going out to dinner and theater with his wife and their friends regularly.•	Is generally comfortable using the internet, but prefers speaking with a person. •	He is not a power internet, but generally knows how to use it – has company issued computer and mobile phone.•	Prefers to call or talk face-to-face instead of booking online.Goals:•	Wants to take his wife out to celebrate their milestone anniversary.•	Wants it to be a special evening with exceptional food, wine, atmosphere and service.•	Must have valet parking.How can the website help Henry + keep him interested:•	Menu listing•	Contact info with a phone number so he can speak with someone personally in order to book the reservations and make specially requests for the evening.•	Customer testimonials.•	Press and accolades. PORTFOLIO WEBSITEJANEAbout:•	30 something professional.•	Owns a small insurance business.•	Married with one small child at home.•	Is very busy running her business and balancing family life.•	Is very tech savvy - owns a laptop, mobile phone, tablet.•	She also uses Facebook personally.Goals:•	Needs to hire a company to design a simple website for her business. •	Does not want to hire a writer or marketing expert. Simply wants a website that she can maintain herself after it is up and running.How can the website help Jane + keep her interested:•	Showcase their work and types of businesses they work with.•	Any press and accolades.•	Customer testimonials.•	Maybe talk about their process.•	FAQs•	Contact information.MIKEAbout:•	40 something, marketing director at a large bank.•	Is very tech savvy - has a company issued laptop, mobile phone and tablet.•	Is busy and on the road constantly - uses his mobile devices when he is on the road for work and is "available" at all times.Goals:•	Has an opening in-house senior graphic design position that he needs to fill.•	Expects all applicants to have a portfolio website.•	Also uses creative associations with designer's seeking full-time positions to seek out potential candidates.•	Applicant must posses both print and web design experience and have a minimum of 5-8 years of experience designing for a large brand. •	Cares about social media from a professional marketing point of view. Personally does not use it, but has accounts for most major social media channels for professional reasons.•	Uses LinkedIn for professional sourcing, leads, etc. How can the website help Jane + keep her interested:•	Showcase their work and types of businesses they work with.•	Any press and accolades.•	Customer testimonials.•	Contact information.•	Maybe talk about their process/philosophy.•	Blog link.•	Link to LinkedIn profile. BLOG WEBSITEMARYAbout:•	30 something, urban professional.•	Seasoned web designer.•	Works for a large agency and manages many high level projects. Serves as the creative lead.•	Is very tech savvy and a heavy mobile user. •	Uses Facebook and twitter almost daily as well as LinkedIn for professional networking and connections.•	Reads many industry blogs and participates in industry forums and online groups.Goals:•	Keep up with the industry•	Stay informed and up-to-date with the blog author•	Contribute to the conversation through comments.•	Ask the blogger questions and information when appropriate.How can the website help Jane + keep her interested:•	Blog posts with most recent at the top.  Headline with photo and intro copy (click to read more…)  ➢	Once clicked through:-	"Breadcrumb" and/or "previous", "main/home" and "next" links.-	Comments for each blog post-	Share feature - social media, email, etc.•	Search field•	Archives listing•	Links to their Facebook, Twitter, etc.•	Subscribe or RSS feature•	About the author•	Contact FormJOHNAbout:•	20 something, young urbanite. •	Just graduated from college.•	New to the professional world.•	Works in web design as a junior level intern at an agency.•	Is very tech savvy and can not live without his mobile devices. Is always “on”.•	Is a heavy social media user, especially Twitter and Facebook.•	Just started his own personal blog.Goals:•	Keep up with the industry•	Get inspiration.•	Learning tool, gain know-how.•	Contribute and ask questions.How can the website help Jane + keep her interested:•	Blog posts with most recent at the top. ➢	Headline with photo and intro copy (click to read more…).  Once clicked through:-	"Breadcrumb" and/or "previous", "main/home" and "next" links.-	Comments for each blog post-	Share feature - social media, email, etc.•	Search field•	Archives listing•	Links to Facebook, Twitter, etc.•	Subscribe or RSS feadture•	About the author•	Contact Form